nman-todos.md, before:

## TODOS:

1) ~~Read existing document if it already exists with the base command (override flag)~~ (10:18 17-02-2026)
2) ~~Implement OpenAI~~ (10:48 17-02-2026)
3) ~~Replace sout+System.exit with ExitUtil~~ (10:57 17-02-2026)
4) ~~Infer the provider from model name~~ (08:08 18-02-2026) 
5) ~~Add configurable max. token length~~ (13:08 17-02-2026)
6) ~~Better format for the generated document before parsing it to the file~~ (09:12 18-02-2026)
7) ~~Model ls command to list supported models and their providers~~ (08:58 18-02-2026)
8) ~~pom re-organization and cleanup~~ (09:16 18-02-2026)
9) ~~Add 'glow exists' check~~ (09:46 18-02-2026)
10) ~~Add . (dot) loading animation while the document is being generated~~ (10:49 18-02-2026)
11) Refine the help section
12) Better crypto (or remove it all together ?)
13) Add to PATH and alias script  
14) Curl & wget install script 
15) Brew formulae

## Future Plans

1) Gemini, Perplexity etc. support
2) ~~<u>Externalized LlmModel list for easier updates</u>~~ (Won't do. Current model is good)
3) Windows support
4) Support different file formats for the docs
5) Chocolatey & winget support
6) Alternate renderers for docs (for the other file formats)
7) Go re-write

Commit message:

fix: renderer existence check no longer parses the application version to stdout

nman-todos.md, after:

## TODOS:

1) ~~Read existing document if it already exists with the base command (override flag)~~ (10:18 17-02-2026)
2) ~~Implement OpenAI~~ (10:48 17-02-2026)
3) ~~Replace sout+System.exit with ExitUtil~~ (10:57 17-02-2026)
4) ~~Infer the provider from model name~~ (08:08 18-02-2026)
5) ~~Add configurable max. token length~~ (13:08 17-02-2026)
6) ~~Better format for the generated document before parsing it to the file~~ (09:12 18-02-2026)
7) ~~Model ls command to list supported models and their providers~~ (08:58 18-02-2026)
8) ~~pom re-organization and cleanup~~ (09:16 18-02-2026)
9) ~~Add 'glow exists' check~~ (09:46 18-02-2026)
10) ~~Add . (dot) loading animation while the document is being generated~~ (10:49 18-02-2026)
11) Health check command
12) Refine the help section
13) setup command with no args should parse the current configurations
14) Better crypto (or remove it all together ?)
15) Add to PATH and alias script
16) Curl & wget install script
17) Brew formulae

## Future Plans

1) Gemini, Perplexity etc. support
2) ~~<u>Externalized LlmModel list for easier updates</u>~~ (Won't do. Current model is good)
3) Windows support
4) Support different file formats for the docs
5) Chocolatey & winget support
6) Alternate renderers for docs (for the other file formats)
7) Go re-write

## Bugs & Unwanted Stuff

1) ~~Renderer existence check parses the glow version.~~ (20:26 19-02-2026)
